The bird doesn't worry about being happy when it sings. It doesn't have to question what will make it happy; it follows its instincts. Humans are cursed with the ability to imagine and to question. Each human created the concept of a "self," and everything they do is conceptualized in connection with that self. Now, everything they do has so much meaning because, attached to the self, every action contributes to a growing feeling of confidence or worthlessness, hope or hopelessness, comfort or unease.

We are social creatures and help each other co-create "ourselves." Humans have a fundamental drive for connection, but they are fragile because they can fall apart when an attempt to connect is denied. Still we try to connect, even though it leaves us defenseless.

Every human wants to belong, just like the bird belongs in the trees. So, we created tribes and, over centuries, our innate drive for creativity allowed these tribes to grow into villages, cities, countries, and civilizations. We created systems to manage this growing web of connections. Like an intricate tapestry, these systems resemble art when viewed from a great enough distance, but this art that we created has grown so large that things have gotten out of control, and the edges of this tapestry are getting chaotic.

We are not in control of our actions; we are like a music box that has been wound up. Every action we take is decided by the previous ones, our biology, the generations that came before us, and what they decided, the trauma they experienced, and what systems they created. Every human is carrying the weight of millennia on their back, and a society created and perpetuated by people carrying this weight will be dysfunctional. Instead of focusing on individual shame and guilt, we can turn our attention to the power we have to change the system that we collectively created. We can focus on learning why we are the way we are, why the billionaire exploits, the racist hates, the privileged worker is complacent, and the homeless person is homeless.

The answer is not because they are evil or lazy. The billionaire exploits because that is the only way capitalism can perpetuate itself, and society has conditioned each of us to believe that capitalism is a fixed, ever-present fact of reality, that it was and will always be here and because we can't imagine a world without it. The racist hates because the billionaire needs to pit different groups of the poor against each other, because joined together, the poor workers could take control. The privileged worker is complacent because they make just enough money to cover their needs and a little more to pay for the ever-growing mass of distractions that demand all of their attention after they spend the majority of their waking life being exploited by the billionaire. The homeless person is homeless because they are disabled, neurodivergent, or a different shape than the rest of the cogs and couldn't fit easily into the assembly line. Since they weren't useful to the billionaire, they were cast aside and forced to degrade themselves begging for money on the street. Failing to receive help, they starve because the complacent workers are too focused on their distractions to help them, or help them tear down the system that allowed this to happen in the first place.

We aren't individuals; we are parts of a larger whole, and it is the larger whole that creates the reality we experience. We aren't evil; we are just living in a dream forced onto us by the mess we have created over thousands of years. The billionaire CEO, the racist, the worker, and the homeless person are all just cast to play a part in the play without their choice, filled with generations of bias and conditioning that subtly and forcefully condition them to act the way they do.

We are all confused. We are running as fast as we can to achieve happiness, but the things we think will give us happiness are the very things that perpetuate this dystopia. These thoughts that convince us they will make us happy aren't our own; they were fed to us again and again by the society we created until we accepted them and forgot that they weren't ours.

We don't have to keep this system going. We can recognize the biases that divide us as lies fed to us by systems of control and not our authentic beliefs. We can join together in solidarity, question the "facts" we believe about capitalism, and consider what is working and what is not. We can imagine a different way to be, a way that allows us to meet our needs for connection, but also our needs for food, water, and shelter, and our urges for creativity, unhindered by the fear of having our other needs sacrificed. We are collectively creating this dream we are dreaming. We can dream a different dream, with the conscious awareness that everything we make is made up and if it is not working, we can make something different.
