You are in a dream - the dream of a billionaire. In this dream, you are insignificant, an NPC, and worthless. The dream is made real because you, along with all other workers, have forgotten that it is a dream. You have been hypnotized into thinking that this is just the way it is, and enticed by the fiction that one day, if you put in your hours and work really hard, you could be like the billionaire too.

I'm sorry to break it to you, but you will never be a billionaire, and most likely, never a millionaire. What's more likely is that the world will get harder for you. You will be rewarded for all of your hard work with more work and less pay, while everything gets more expensive as you struggle to keep yourself and your family safe and housed.

This is because you are a resource. You are cattle, and the only reason you are not treated as terribly as cattle are is because there are more stringent laws regarding how you can be treated as a worker. Those laws are slipping as the billionaire's money corrupts our government, and there is no end to how much the billionaire is willing to degrade you, use you, drain you until you are completely empty, and throw you away when he is finished.

But I'm here today to remind you that this world you live in is, in fact, a dream. And while your individual power is minuscule in the face of this dystopian nightmare, collectively, it is the workers who run society. It is the workers who brew the billionaire's coffee, or run his factories, farm his crops, drill his oil, assemble his electronics, write code for his applications, deal with all of his customers, and generally make all of his money. It is the workers who make the billionaire's dream a reality, all while abandoning any dream each one of them has, and while struggling for basic necessities and dignity.

You and everyone else are asleep, dreaming the billionaire's dream, but you don't have to be. You can wake up and take back the power that was stolen from you. Stop making the billionaire's dream real, and watch it crumble overnight. Then you and all of the other workers can dream a new dream and create a new world.
